adding more context to polygon contains_points exercise (#116)
datacarpentry/astronomy-python: _episodes/07-photo.md

~~~
{: .output}

> The result is a `Polygon` object which has a `contains_points` method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The result is a `Polygon` object that has a `contains_points` method.
```

Author: looks good to me

This allows us to pass `polygon.contains_points` a list of points and 
for each point it will tell us if the point is contained within the polygon.
A point is a tuple with two elements, x and y.

> ## Exercise (5 minutes)
> When we encounter a new object, it is good to create a toy example to test 

> > that it does what we think it does. Define a list of two points (represented as two tuples), 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> that it does what we think it does. Define a list of two points (each point is represented as a tuple), 
```
